
- KouChat v0.9.5 Frequently Asked Questions

1. What is Kou?

Kou is a special cow character I've made. You can see Kou at the Super Kou
project page (http://superkou.googlecode.com/).
Kou is pronounced kind of like cows say mooooooo.


2. KouChat crashed, or behaves strangely.

First, make sure you are using the latest version. When you do, the easiest
way to find the problem is for you to run KouChat from the console, like this:
'java -jar kouchat-x.x.x-bin.jar'
If you see any errors, write them down. When you can reproduce the problem,
report it as an issue on this project page with as many details as possible.


3. I minimized KouChat, and it's not visible on the taskbar anymore.

Have a look in the system tray. There should be a small black and white icon
there with a cow pattern. Click on it to open KouChat again.


4. How do I change my nick name?

Open the Tools menu, and choose Settings.


5. How do I send files?

Right click on a user in the user list on the right side, and choose
"Send file". You can also drag and drop a file on a user in the list,
or in a private chat window.


6. How do I open a private chat?

You can double click on a user in the user list, or you can right click on a
user in the user list and choose "Private chat".


7. The file chooser is horribly slow in Windows XP.

This is a Java bug, see
http://bugs.sun.com/bugdatabase/view_bug.do?bug_id=6578753
As a workaround you can move any zip-files lying on the desktop
to some other folder.


8. How do I enable console mode?

From a console, run KouChat like this:
'java -jar kouchat-x.x.x-bin.jar --console'
See /help for a list of commands you can use while in console mode.


9. How come some messages don't show up in other clients?

That's probably because of packet loss. KouChat use the UDP protocol,
which does not resend lost packets. Packet loss is usually not a problem
in wired networks, but wireless networks might have some loss.


10. Where do the log files go?

The logs are put in the ~/.kouchat/logs/ folder, sorted by date and time
of creation. For those wondering, ~ means home folder.
In Windows XP that's usually
C:\Documents and Settings\Your Username\ and in Linux it's /home/username/.


11. Why was the user list empty when I started KouChat?

That was long known bug that I had a hard time finding. It should be fixed now,
so please try using version 0.9.4 or newer.
